Use relative URL for `https://clerk.com` links (#1393)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/deployments/migrate-overview.mdx

## Basic export / import

> With basic export / import, you are taking an export from your previous tool and importing data into Clerk. The most common way to handle this is by making use of the [Backend API](/docs/reference/backend-api/tag/Users#operation/CreateUser) and its `CreateUser` API endpoint. It's important to note that the `CreateUser` endpoint is rate limited. Please review our [Rate Limits](/docs/backend-requests/resources/rate-limits#backend-api-requests){{ target: '_blank' }} page for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With basic export / import, you are taking an export from your previous tool and importing data into Clerk. The most common way to handle this is by making use of Clerk's [`CreateUser`](/docs/reference/backend-api/tag/Users#operation/CreateUser){{ target: '_blank' }} Backend API endpoint. It's important to note that the `CreateUser` endpoint is rate limited. Please review our [Rate Limits](/docs/backend-requests/resources/rate-limits#backend-api-requests) page for more details.
```

## Migration tools

> To aid in basic migrations, Clerk provides an open-source script that takes a JSON file as input, containing a list of users, and creates a user in Clerk using Clerk's backend API. The script respects Clerk's [backend rate limits](/docs/backend-requests/resources/rate-limits#backend-api-requests){{ target: '_blank' }} and gracefully handles errors. We suggest you customize the [Zod schema](https://github.com/clerk/migration-script/blob/main/index.ts#L25-L43) to your application's needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To aid in basic migrations, Clerk provides an open-source script that takes a JSON file as input, containing a list of users, and creates a user in Clerk using Clerk's Backend API. The script respects Clerk's [backend rate limits](/docs/backend-requests/resources/rate-limits#backend-api-requests)and gracefully handles errors. We suggest you customize the [Zod schema](https://github.com/clerk/migration-script/blob/main/index.ts#L25-L43){{ target: '_blank' }} to your application's needs.
```
